Before we jump into our implementation Let's go and take healthy both of 3 RLDS documentation and see
what we can get from there.
So in a search engine with your perforation I think it is Google but let's just type in both L3 and
our Yes.
And as you can see we have the Ardelia's documentation on top of the result list so let's click on it.
And as you can see we have the RLDS client for both all three.
And you can see that we have a huge list of methods for RLDS from taking a backup to creating D-B clusters
and everything else about RLDS is ready to be implemented with Python and both all three.
And if we go down and check out a simple method let's just say describe D-B instance which is the actual
method that we're going to implement in the later sections.
As you can see it says it returns information about provisioned RLDS instances and as you can see this
API supports pagination.
So you can return large amounts of RLDS instance list and you can paginate within those instances.
And as you can see it is expecting a D-B instance identifier and an optional argument as filters and
so on.
So the nice thing about this bowlful 3 documentation it is a huge amount of documentation that you can
find for a client like this because both the three is highly supported from A W-S.
And recently actually AWOS itself is implementing both three API.
So if there is any other news service from a US not dislike RLDS completely new service from us and
you can get the API for that.
Andi just simply the later day it's just a great way to implement a deal us.
The bowlful three way is the best way actually.
So as you can see this API is huge and you can see the response syntax and you can just write your code
write your API against this API and you can have a solid foundation for the AWOS implementation.
So this is basically all we have to know about.
Both all three documentation and I'm going to definitely go and put the link on to my description.
And as you can see it's just simply both.
3. we did Dogstar IO.
And if you can check out the other implementations you're going to see that this is just simply a beautiful
documentation from both of three guys.
So in the next videos.
Let's just jump right into our implementation and see what we can do with RLDS.